Introduction:
    This project is a guided project from Absent Data (https://youtu.be/S2zBHmkRbhY?si=vWyOUa8GvUHeWT7l).
    Step-by-Step Guide was also available (https://absentdata.com/data-analysis/data-analysis-mastery-step-by-step-portfolio-project-guide/)
    As a former hotel manager, this project will help me see hotel operations from a analytical standpoint.
    My goal is to use the guided practice to help improve my understanding of SQL and PowerBI.
    Further, I hope to see how analytics can be incorporated with improving hotel performace

Objectives:
    Create a database with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS)
    Query and analyze hotel data with SQL
    Integrate PowerBI with the project's SSMS database
    Create data visualizations using PowerBI
    Summarize our findings to present to the stakeholders

Questions by Stakeholders (Hoteliers/Property Ownership):
    1. Is the hotel revenue growing year over year?
        a. The stakeholders mentioned that there is two hotel types in the data and would like to segment revenue based on hotel type
        b. The hotels are "City Hotel" and "Resort Hotel"
        c. The stakeholders would like to see which hotel is performing better
        d. Also, the stakeholders would like to know how YTD August 2020 is doing compared to YE 2019
    2. Which distribution channel is used the most?
        a. The stakeholders are concerned on each hotel for revenue, so we will also include the distribution channels as well
        b. We will also look at the discount percentage to see how much revenue is being lost based on each distribution channel
    3. Do we see an upward trend in parking lot usage?
        a. The hotels are expected to have a PIP soon and want to look into if there is a growing need for parking spaces (i.e. update the current parking garages)

Key Takeways from Project:
    1. Refreshed memory on using subquerries, specifically a Common Table Expression, to create a temporary result
    2. Refreshed memory on SQL commands such as WITH, AS, UNION, and CONCAT
    3. Integrated the SQL queries in PowerBI to create our table used to create the visuals in the dashboard
    4. Learned more on how to create visuals in PowerBI
    5. Summarized findings in a written report, and provided a dashboard for the stakeholders to view different trends
        a. Filter results by hotel or customer type
        b. Created an interactive dashboard to find information about specific booking channels or performance